README

  These are encryption / decryption routines for the DIBA project.
  
  They can be used as standalone tools for:
  
        key generation / encryption / decryption.

FILES

    dibakeygen          --      Key generator.
    dibakeyinfo         --      Key report tool. Mostly used for check / list keys. 
    dibaencrypt         --      Asymmetric encryption with public key.
    dibadecrypt         --      Asymmetric decryption with private key.
    
 Encryption:
    
    dibaencrypt.exe -i infile.txt -o outfile.enc testkey.pub  
        
 Decryption: 
            
dibaecrypt.exe -i infile.enc -o outfile.dec -p password_for_key testkey.key 
    
Full cycle can be achived thrugh pipe: (-r option)

    dibaencrypt.exe -i infile.txt -o outfile.enc testkey.pub | \
        dibadecrypt.exe -r -p password_for_key testkey.key
        
    Make sure you account for stdin / stdout CRLF conversion.
       (use diff -w to test)
            
 See Makefile for typical usage examples. Follow the tests make path to see
frequent useage. The programs will print basic usage information on request.

BUILD

 All the files are built on Windows using MSYS and MinGW. The files should
build on linux and variants with little modification.
 
PREP

 Build the glibcrypt library first. This project will look for the built
libs and includes in the .lib subdir under the original build directories.
This allows installation-less build. (for test and experimentation)
Then build the tools subdirectory. 

Make sure you update references when building new library versions.

NOTABLES

  I made a small malloc subsystem. It can be used to detect leaks very easily.
Use zalloc() like you would use malloc(). If you make an alloc mistake, this 
malloc gently prints a string like:

    zmalloc: Memory leak on gcry.c at line 711 (0x010A1178)    
    
  Also created a base64 encode / decode subsystem. See headers and source 
for more info.

FILE FORMAT

 The output format of the encrypted file is base64 line aligned to 64 char
length. The header and trailer line contains the DIBA string delimiter.

"-----BEGIN DIGIBANK RSA CIPHER-----" etc ...

  Under the hood the file is in chunks, determined by the key size.
The chunk starts with a two byte length, 4 byte random sequence and data 
follows. The next chunk start is calculated from the length of the current 
chunk. 

Like this:

    LEN LEN RAND RAND RAND RAND DATA ..... DATA  LEN LEN DATA ....
    |--------------------------------------------|
    
 This is a very simple way to produce a cipher that is never 
the same twice. It is also one of the simplest way to adapt tho the 
variable length output of the asymmetric encryption.    

  The first two chunks are the sha hash and the public key ID. These fields
have utility value. The sha hash allows one to detect data corruption / 
tempering, the key ID allows for automatic key selection.
  
Te resulting buffer is encrypted with the bluepoint encryption. As that 
algorythm shuffles all bits, the cipertext is super random looking.

TESTING

 'make tests' will build the needed files and execute a diff on generated 
outputs. It is comparing them with expected output of the original files. 
Test passes if the diffs are silent.

FEEDBACK

This code is being developed for a larger project. However, taming the library
and creating a transport layer  is a common task, so I shared it ...

peterglen99@gmail.com

            



