                        DIBA OPERATIONAL THEORIES

   The operational theory of the initial currency allocation:
   
   The sum of projected global wealth is allocated into 100 trillion 
DCU (diba currency unit) in hashes. 
The 100 trillion DCU will each have 1000 child items in the billion section 
and the billon DCU will have 1000 child items in the million section ... 
all the way down to the single DCU.
The currency itself is represented by a hash and its position in the 
currency tree. (its parent relations)
  
        1                   Single 
        1,000               Thousand
        1,000,000           Million
        1,000,000,000       Billion
        1,000,000,000,000   Trillion
        
  Matching directory structure is created (first two letters used):
            
   ./Trillion/Billion/Million/Thousand/Single
    
For example, the first 10 DCU-s would be: 
    
  ./currency/Tr_0/Bi_0/Mi_0/Th_0/Si_0 
                                /Si_1
                                 ... 
                                /Si_9 
                                  
The currency hash can represent arbitrary amount within its directory
domain, limited to that directory domain.
    
 The global supply may be distributed on different servers, each responsible
on maintaining a different part of the tree.
      
  DCU Currency value: The mean value calculated on the basis of survival
related items. Here is an example short list, but detailed discussion
can be found in a separate document.
    
    Baked Bread, Milk, Fruit, Coffee, Eggs, Bacon, Ground Meat,
    Sugar.
        
   The operational theory of the transaction is ...
   
 The currency is transferred from chest to chest. (address to address) The initial 
currency owner is NONE, a fictitions chestthat is created at the bank's inception.
Currency itself is acquired from the global pool, and ownership of that 
currency is assigned to the chest. (address or user) The pool item is marked
 with the owner's chest address.
  
  The operational theory of the block chain:
  
   (work in progress)
    o New blocks are broadcast to all nodes.
    o Each node works on finding a proof-of-work for its block.
    o When a node finds a proof-of-work, it broadcasts the block to all nodes.
    o Nodes accept the block only if it is valid, and not already spent / present.
    o Nodes express their acceptance of the block.
    o working on creating the next block in the chain, using the hash 
    o of the accepted block as the previous hash








