                      DIBA OPERATIONAL THEORIES

  Definitions:
  
 DCU            Digital Bank Currency Unit.
 Block Chain    A Cryptograpically Linked Set of Blocks
 

   The operational theory of the initial currency allocation:
   
   The sum of projected global wealth is allocated into 100 trillion 
DCU (diba currency unit) in hashes. 
The 100 trillion DCU will each have 1000 child items in the billion section 
and the billon DCU will have 1000 child items in the million section ... 
all the way down to the single DCU.
The currency itself is represented by a hash and its position in the 
currency tree. (its parent relations)
  
        0.0001              Thousanth  Milli DCU
        1                   Single     Unit  DCU
        1,000               Thousand   Kilo  DCU
        1,000,000           Million    Mega  DCU
        1,000,000,000       Billion    Giga  DCU
        1,000,000,000,000   Trillion   Tera  DCU
        
  Matching directory structure is created (first two letters used):
            
   ./Trillion/Billion/Million/Thousand/Single/Milli
    
For example, the first 10 DCU-s would be: 
    
  ./currency/Tr_0/Bi_0/Mi_0/Th_0/Si_0 
                                /Si_1
                                 ... 
                                /Si_9 
                                  
  The currency hash can represent arbitrary amount within its directory
domain, limited to that directory domain.
    
 The global supply may be distributed on different servers, each responsible
on maintaining a different part of the tree.
      
  DCU Currency value: The mean value calculated on the basis of survival
related items. Here is an example short list, but detailed discussion
can be found in a separate document.
    
    Baked Bread, Milk, Fruit, Coffee, Eggs, Bacon, Ground Meat,
    Sugar.
        
   The operational theory of the transaction is ...
   
  The currency is transferred from address to address. The initial 
currency owner is NONE, which is a fictitious user created during development.
Currency itself is acquired from the global pool, and ownership of that 
currency is assigned to the address. The currency pool item is marked with 
the owner's address.
  
   The operational theory of the DIBA block chain:
  
    o The originator node broadcasts the new block to all known (pier) nodes.
    o Each node checks the block for validity and proof of work.
    o Each node checks the block for transaction integrity. 
    o Each node then responds with a vote.
    o The votes: an OK vote, a REJ(ect) vote, an UKN(own) or an ERR(or) vote.
    o The node collects N number of votes. (Initially xxx)
    o The originator accepts the block if the votes converge on OK. (2/3 or 66%)
    o Node expresses its acceptance of the block. 
    o Node creates hashes it, and adds it to its own chain.


   The operational theory of the DIBA data exchange:


   The operational theory of currency transfer:
   
   
   The operational theory of account creation:
   
   
   
   


