                            INSTALL
   
   All the files are built on Windows using MSYS and MinGW. The files also
build on linux and variants with little modification. 

  Attempts are made to disconnect any single toolchain from the dependency 
list. Will build with gcc / MSYS/ MinGW, gcc / Linux, will build (partially) 
with MSVC.

   Most of the excutables are built with static libraries, so no external
dependencies are needed. This will aid in authentication, as the single 
excutable file contains all executable code, thus the checksum of the 
executable checks the whole toolchain.
  
  BUILD
  
  The Makefile has the usual targets. Th command 'make' will build the 
whole project, 'make tests' will check workings. The tests are producing 
outputs that is matched to the expected output. The compare is done wit the 
'diff' utility. It passes if the diffs remain silent. (no diferences)

  DEPENDENCIES
  
  The following subsystems are used in DigiBank:
  
  MinGW, MSYS, gcc
  libgcrypt
  Win32
  Python
  PyGTK, PyGobject
  libz
  (others, see Makefile for a technically accurate list)
    
  CHOICES
  
   The choices on platforms ad utilities are a hybrid of POSIX and Win32
and mostly open source.  We used the POSIX platform for its rich computing 
capability, and the Win32 (Win64) for its rich user interface.

  STRUCTURE
  
   The project was broken up into sub modules, and has the following structure:
   
   o transport   --  asymmetric encryption for client / server transport
   o bluepoint   --  symmetric encryption for token encryption / decryption
   o currency    --  Currency and currency transactions
   o chest       --  Account related tools
   o blockchain  --  blockchain related utilities
   o audit       --  auditing related 
   o gui         --  user interface to tie all parts together
   o tools       --  various support tools, cmdline, base64, 
   o common      --  coomon string and define for the DIBA project
   o study       --  disregard, misc investigations 
   
  DATA
  
    Customer data is stored (for develoment) in the 
                ../data/customers subdirectory
    Currency data is stored in the 
                ../data/currency subdirectory        
    Transaction data is stored in the 
                ../data/transact subdirectory        
    Audit data is stored in the 
                ../data/audit subdirectory        
  
  
  


